living out my dreams it's like I'm
sleepwalking I'm knocking out all these
beats i Colin beat boxing this peak was
on my mind like I'm sleep talking and
I'm always hungry for some more like I
don't eat oh and my rhyme scheme I
learned what I was like even before that
I was writing more reps and nobody
really like me
me cold as ice me but stuff like that
excites me as a little kid wanna get a
little bit again then tick course I like
Spike Lee now I know there's more than
that I try to say y'all quarter breath
when I work so hard and gone so far
wanna leave my seemed like quarterback
selling everything year is got a price
gambling with a lot of dice
the school I even graduated from college
twice by damn our work is what you pay
speak up if I'm wrong in here is what
they'll say light and they ain't saying
nothing hey got me saying something just
remind them that we just remind them
that we are
hey I'm keeping the real until a day
hey i'ma do it throwing up day Stephanie
no no but keeping it real until the day
don't go
until the day I'm gonna go
I remember being 10 years old history
banging to the shit they sold Eminem Dre
y'all pass / DJ never thought I've been
doing the same thing on my own when I
started out with this I was only doing
it for the shits and the giggles had his
bitches on my dick I refused to ever
stop my lips moving and running this all
about honesty worry bout my pop due to
the economy yeah I'm from suburbia
private schools murder but that shit
don't bother me no more I'm spending
time rain song snowstorm when i spit or
their mouths drop car note you're known
i want a couple of counts of shortening
all about a paper there's so much more
i'm doing this doing this what I gotta
prove with this proved with this I was
always told that the old me was a fuckup
but check out a new dish boy's dream
though waiting in the dog back stays I
sound bright like you want to see wrong
base bit rounds like 1a will
Shakespeare's plays on the city where
every day is one of those days Peter
Webber in the way ain't nothing opinion
I just I reppin never thought I game
happening go up on the stage one day one
no no we keeping the real until
until the day I'm gonna go down down
down
conquer some people go Hegazy am i doing
them home
no no we keepin it real until the day
until today I'm gone
you